chore: Fix attribute table formatting in Plug documentation (#269)
devrev/fern-api-docs: fern/docs/pages/sdks/web/user-identity.mdx

| Attributes    | Description                                                                 | Type   | Required | Unique |
|---------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------|----------|--------|
| `user_ref`      | A unique user reference that the DevRev app uses for identifying your users. | string | ✅       | ✅    |

> | `email`**         | The email address of the customer used for sending email notifications of any support messages. | string | ❌       | ✅     |

Author: Should we reduce the double star to single star @bc-devrev ?

| Attributes    | Description                                                                 | Type   | Required | Unique |
|---------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------|----------|--------|
| `user_ref`      | A unique user reference that the DevRev app uses for identifying your users. | string | ✅       | ✅    |
| `email`*         | The email address of the customer used for sending email notifications of any support messages. | string | ❌       | ✅     |
| `display_name`*  | The name of the user that's shown on the widget. If nothing is specified, a system-generated name is assigned to the user. | string | ❌       | ❌     |
| `phone_numbers` | The customer's mobile number, which must adhere to the E.164 format.       | array  | ❌      | ❌     |

> * Email uniqueness is subjected to organization preferences. If organization want, it can be marked non unique. But it is not recommended.

Reviewer: It's correct to use one star here, if this footnote is really needed. If there's a practice that is not recommended then I suggest not mentioning it. Or if it's really necessary, rephrase it:
```suggestion
* While email uniqueness is subjected to organization preferences, it is not recommended to mark emails as non-unique.
```

Author: Yes Ben. The reason we wish to add this is because existing orgs will have this flag disabled and only for new ones its enabled. So to avoid any confusion, we added this note.

| Attributes    | Description                                                                 | Type   | Required | Unique |
|---------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------|----------|--------|

> | `user_ref`      | A unique user reference that the DevRev app uses for identifying your users. This parameter is required. | string | ✅       | ✅    |

Reviewer: It's already marked as required so no need to state again.
```suggestion
| `user_ref`      | A unique user reference that the DevRev app uses for identifying your users. | string | ✅       | ✅    |
```

> | `email`**         | The email address of the customer. It's used for sending email notifications of any support messages. | string | ❌       | ✅     |

Reviewer: The footnote for this field is unclear and needs to be rewritten. If possible, include the information in the description rather than as a footnote.
```suggestion
| `email`**         | The email address of the customer used for sending email notifications of any support messages. | string | ❌       | ✅     |
```

> | `display_name`*  | The name of the user that's shown on the widget.                          | string | ❌       | ❌     |
> | `phone_numbers` | The customer's mobile number, which must adhere to the E.164 format.       | array  | ❌      | ❌     |
> 
> * If nothing is specified, a system-generated name is assigned to the user.

Reviewer: No need for a footnote here.
```suggestion
| `display_name`*  | The name of the user that's shown on the widget. If nothing is specified, a system-generated name is assigned to the user. | string | ❌       | ❌     |
| `phone_numbers` | The customer's mobile number, which must adhere to the E.164 format.       | array  | ❌      | ❌     |
```
